
This is something I?m gonna have a hard time putting into words so bear with me
There?s all this love going around tumblr about being body positive and loving what you look like no matter what, and thats fantastic. I also see a lot of posts building up girls with thick thighs and chubby arms and big bellies and large boobs and i?ve reblogged almost all of them and I think theyre great. And i dont know if theres anyone else out there shaped like me because no matter where I look i can?t find someone talking about girls in the middle with weirdly proportioned bodies. Even posts highlighting the diversity of ?real women? and not photoshopped models?theres no one that looks like me. So I want to make an appreciation post for girls or anyone really who feels like, even with all the body positive posts and campaigns you STILL feel like you look different because you?re in this weird middle ground between thick/curvy/voluminous and athletic/toned or skinny. 

Here?s to the girls like me, with wide hips and broad shoulders. with thighs that arent really big, but you still have to shop for jeans that fit your thighs/hips/butt instead of your waist. Here?s to girls that store their fat solely in their tummies, and in turn feel like they look pregnant all the time. Here?s to the girls who feel like only half their body is appreciated by ?Thick girls appreciation? posts, because they have big hips and thick thighs and soft bellies but they have small boobs and slim arms. Here?s to the girls with boobs that are two complete different cup sizes, that you still worry about even though your doctor and everyone else says its normal because they are just SO different. 

Here?s to the girls who get called fat by some people and skinny by others and don?t know what to think. Here?s to the girls that eat right and exercise every day and their bodies still hold onto fat like there?s no tomorrow. Here?s to the girls who feel like their lower half takes up too much space in pictures. 

Here?s to the girls in the weird middle ground, who may not even feel like they fit THIS post. Here?s to girls who feel like they?re only half appreciated or built up by a community that means well. Here?s to the girls who feel curvy on one day and stick thin the next. 

This post is for the girls who can?t find someone who feels the same way they do. Because I do. Even if you don?t look like ME and you feel like no one else has the same body as you I know how you feel. 

#personal#me#mine#body image
32 notes
 
