
My unhealthy relationship with my scale

I did it again today. I stepped on the scale, after feeling so amazing and excited and actually starting to feel better, I stepped on the scale. 

It said I was back up to 187. 

I was pissed. 

I thought I was down a solid 3 pounds. I re-weighed myself twice. I actually flipped off my scale, an inanimate object, cursed at it, and huffed off. 

A scale. 

I realized that I hadn?t slept well the night before and that in doing so, I typically do put on weight for some reason (anyone care to explain?). Regardless of what my weight really is, I was pissed at a scale. 

But did that stop me from stepping on it the next morning? No. Did that stop me from stepping on it two hours later? No. 

Scale dependency is not healthy, because it leads to really friggin? disappointing results. Like, my period is next week (sorry for the TMI?) and I always bloat and retain water before then. So it?s very likely that I?m just carrying a little extra water and just not actually becoming a whale. 

You would think that with this scale dependency that I would be the size of a toothpick. I?m always criticizing myself for the smallest of weight gains. But the problem is some days, I give up. I stop caring, I binge eat and then those numbers just start climbing, I start crying more frequently, and I just loathe myself more. The depression takes control and I spiral down into a horrible tunnel of ick. 

More than anything I want to be able to put my scale away. My husband actually does. He doesn?t hide it from me, but he picks it up and leans it against the cabinet in the bathroom. And the next time I go in there, I lay it flat on the floor again. Because I literally cannot go through my day without knowing how much I weigh.

I don?t even know when this started. How long it?s been. I know I have memories of being in high school though. One of the most significant memories was when I stepped on that scale and it registered at ?199.8.? I almost cried myself into oblivion that day. Most of my family is significantly overweight, and I swore to myself that I would never follow in their footsteps. That I would take care of myself.

Since then, I yo-yoed between 165 and 180, so my breaking point has changed. Now when I see 189, I panic. It?s only a 10 pound difference, but still. That?s 10 boxes of butter. That?s a lot of butter. 

Some day, I hope to get better. But I?m still a long ways off. 

Lesson for the kiddos: Don?t weigh yourself. It?s not worth it.

#weightloss#cosplay weight loss#weight loss#losing weight#sailor moon weight loss#lose weight#bishoujo senshi sailor moon#sailor moon#pretty guardian sailor moon#pgsm#pgsm crystal#pgsmc#bdd#body dysmorphia#body dysmorphic disorder#body image#self esteem
1 note
 
