
Honestly a large problem in my life pertaining to why I?m not happy is that my version of an ideal future - engendered and supported by society - is that I will be a skinny, fit individual who looks good in any clothing. I will live with my taller, in-shape husband with our dog and our children. My home will be lavishly decorated and everything will be in its place consistently. I will drive a nice, new car that I will trade in every two or three years for the latest model. My breakfast will be a kale shake, a salad for lunch, and some type of lean meat for dinner. I will be constantly happy, and if I am not, I will pretend that I am to appease those around me. I will appear to be perfect. 

This is not how humans are made. 

My body is an array of scars, lines, and stretch marks. It tells the story of all of my different sizes.

My face is asymmetrical. My body is differently proportioned than I would like and I get acne. I am imperfect. 

I will never look like a model, and, most likely, neither will my husband. Our life may consist of a dog and some children, but it will not be perfect. 

My home will be in disarray, whether because my children?s toys are everywhere or because I didn?t do the dishes or because my dog found a new chew toy. These things I cannot control. 

My car may be old and broken down. There may be old French fries deposited on the floor amidst overturned sippy cups of milk and a lone sock. I will spend money on my children rather than on a new car. 

I will eat whatever I damn well please for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Some days I will crave a big, juicy hamburger and that will be okay. Other days I will forget to eat at all. That will be okay, too. 

I will be happy, sad, angry, content, lonesome, and everything between, all at once. I will wear my heart on my sleeve like I have done and will always do, and society will learn to like it. I will be simultaneously okay and not okay.

I need to accept that I can be this second version of myself without consequence.

I need to ignore the pangs of sadness that appear whenever I see the first version - the ?perfect? family.

I need to learn to love myself.

#Me#personal#society#appearance#body image#perfection#problematic#insecure#life
23 notes

 
