
Are we really defined by our waist?
This is an issue that has been on my mind for sometime and a recent headlining story made me feel like it is time to speak up. I am fed up of going onto social media and feeling like I am less of a person because I am thin and small. I never asked to be thin and small but that is me, so why do people think it is ok to make petite frames feel like they are less of a person? Yes in literal terms we are less of a person because we are smaller BUT that doesn?t make our opinions, influence, goals, personalities and voices any less valid or important than the ?average sized woman??.
So, recently I read an article about somebody walking into a store and not wanting to buy jeans because of the ?ridiculously shaped? mannequin but are WE as a generation looking for reasons to pull things up that aren?t actually there? All this talk of being the generation that wants every different shape and sized body to be considered beautiful, YET when something is smaller than a size 10 it seems like people quickly say it isn?t realistic or beautiful.
Okay, yes so I can see myself that the mannequin is of a petite, yet a tall frame but is that really a reflection on Topshop?s ideals or is it there to sport a new trend? 
Personally I have never, ever walked into a store and compared myself to a mannequin, thinking that is what society thinks I should be because I am more than piece of plastic, I am a bundle of unique features that help make me, me. I am made up of parts of my wonderful ancestors, I embrace every trait I have inherited. I am my ideals, dreams, my hopes and my achievements. There is so much more to a human than a mannequin. A mannequin is an inanimate object that is used to model clothes and accessories, it isn?t there to tell females what there bodies should look like. I made a small post on my Facebook about this mannequin issue to get some opinions on it and someone mentioned how Topshop only seem to cater for the petite frames BUT that?s the gap in the market they fill. Why is it ok for Evans to only stock larger sizes but it isn?t okay for Topshop to target the petite body frames? Now I take it back to one of my original points, we say we want every different body type to be accepted but were not accepting the body frames that are smaller than others.
I find when I go to various different high street shops I can never fit into things properly, if they fit my waist they?re too long etc. I bought a size 6 dungaree from Miss Selfridges and it fit my length, but the buttons were digging into my hips? major ouch! Maybe the general manufacturing of these clothes were smaller but why should Topshop be penalised when all shops have this issue. No shop can afford to cater for all sizes, yes they can slowly progress and granted they have been progressing, slowly reaching a wider target audience but in business you have to be strategical and a company can?t just dive in and say I want to target every single female out there because we are ALL different, we are different body shapes, opinions, taste and more, so how can we expect a shop to cater for all of these different things?
Another thing I seen is the talk of ALL the females on cover magazines, saying things like the females on the magazine covers are not a real representation of bodies and that they?re all skinny females. I googled ?Fashion magazine cover 2015?, I found various different models and performers on the front cover. Yes, there were magazine covers with the ?typical? cover girl but there was also covers with people like Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lopez, Adele, Chloe Kardashian and more. Doesn?t this show how far we have come, we have come such a long way but we have to accept the smaller sizes too, it isn?t fair to make them feel like they don?t deserve to be on the cover of a magazine!

I see people saying that men want this and men want that in a woman, honestly who cares? We complain as a generation that the females are being oppressed by males, yet we are using them as a way to hurt other females feelings, telling them that a man won?t want them because they are thin? Aren?t we the ones creating this service to males? Saying we should be something that males desire and not something that makes us wake up and feel happy?
I tell you now, I don?t wake up in the morning thinking I need to flatter the males, I wake up in the morning knowing I want to feel good for me, I want to wear the clothes I love and wear them with my head held high. 
So I ask you, female to female that we stop pitting ourselves against each other, we stop making each other feel like we aren?t body worthy. I ask you that when you next see a female, pay her a compliment, make her feel good because to make someone else smile is true reflection of how beautiful you are. Take away the bitterness and trade it for kindness, be a better person and the world becomes your oyster. Stop looking in the mirror and pointing out your flaws. I quote ?do you want to want to be remembered for the beauty of your looks or the beauty of your heart??. Now I am not trying to change anybody, I just want people to look at the bigger picture, this will forever be an ongoing war between women if we let it, or we can learn to love each other and embrace each individual trait.
For now my final point of the day is ?the best thing you can wear is a smile.? 

Nicole Dixon xxx

Source:nicolejdixon.blogspot.co.uk
#body image#body#body positive#body posititivity#self worth#topshop#blog#blogger#long read
1 note
 
