
The Fitness Industry, Social Media and Body Image
For almost two years I?ve been ?in? the fitness industry, I put quotations around this because I?m not training for competitions or trying to become an aesthetic goddess. During this time, I follow and gained some followers from fitness accounts. I was scrolling through my newsfeed and can see what these fit girls are liking and fit guys are liking and its all bullshit. It is a consumer based industry that feeds off of insecure individuals. Pick up a magazine: Fitness RX, Muscle Memory, Muscle Insider, Muscle & Fitness etc. Flip through those pages and you can see there are maybe four or five good articles about improving your work out but they make their money from supplement advertising revenue. You don?t even need these supplements to be slimmer or build muscle mass but these celebrity and athlete endorsements of course want us to believe otherwise. This then places the stigma of being ?average? and demands to be ?alpha? which isn?t a bad thing but this concept and the fitness industry should be taken with a grain of salt. It?s a whole contradiction within itself, there is the fear of being average but then the motivation motto goes ?you are your only competition? and to always be alpha, never beta. So what if your best self is what they call average? You then become your own alpha. This industry was supposed to make a better you.

There are people I hold close to me that have submerged themselves into this, come out with a better body but with a worse mentality. They?ve stared at themselves in the mirror saying ?my back needs to get wider, my arms need to get bigger, my waist needs to get smaller and my calves need to grow!? Which some of this is just not genetically possible. From what we see (and what we want to believe), we are beating ourselves down and letting it happen to each other. Pareto?s law of the 80-20 rule essentially means that 20% of the cause makes 80% of the effects. If you look at social media and what motivates us, it?s repetitive. It?s the same 20% that are displayed all the time which are the extremists. The other 80% are average or slightly above average yet we take that 20% we see, idolize them and bring our expectations to an unrealistic point.

I?ve seen my friends beat themselves down for eating one unhealthy snack, say they?re unhappy with their bodies even though they have one of the best physiques at the gym. Men get ?swollorexic?, which the media portrays as a positive trait to have. The actual term is called muscle dysmorphia or bigorexia, doesn?t sound that great anymore does it? Harrison Pope, the author of The Adonis Complex explains this perfectly in his book but I?ll just summarize it here: the fear of being small or characterizing oneself as small when the individual is actually big or muscular. We talk about anorexia but bigorexia goes unrecognized, is that because we just expect men to have a mesomorphic body? Today?s industry has caused us to not to just have certain expectations of our bodies but for our ideal partners as well. Men can?t expect women to be slim and curvaceous with an unbelievably fat ass (For real? Squats help but not by THAT much). Women can?t expect to find men with toned 16? arms and nice v-tapered body.

For people who follow specific profiles, put it under a microscope. What do these instagram famous fit girls post? Half naked selfies and butt selfies: one part of it is to motivate, but it is a whole lot of insecurities posed in pretty little square pictures. To motivate is to show progress and let people see the journey, not to post as much skin as possible without being reported and getting hundreds of likes every time. Ditto to the boys. What do you know about these people besides working out and their love of food? Is anyone reading a good book? Has a favorite artist or painter? Gone to a museum or art gallery lately? I?ve spent quite a bit of time wandering around in this world. It?s very superficial and only skin-deep. Don?t show me muscle, show me culture.

#fitness#reality#pareto principle#body image#bodybuilding#bikini body#adonis#social media#instagram#swollorexic#swoll
2 notes
 
