
Remembering Why This Work is Important
Every so often people tell me they couldn?t do the work I do with so much backlash and outright hatred that is directed towards me personally but so many people in fat community.

I do it for people like this. Over the years I?ve had an outpouring of messages from people who have told me how my work has changed their lives and it means the world to me. I can?t fully express it but it gives me energy and reminds me why I?m here.

Thank you. ?

Your blog means so much to me.

As a woman who has been through several well-renowned and extremely expensive inpatient programs designed to uproot my eating disorder, I can honestly say that nothing really stuck until I discovered the body positive community via your blog. 

Treatment taught me how to eat again, but once I left, I would fall right back into my old habits. I hated myself and my body so much that I was willing to do anything to be thin, even at the expense of my health, even at the expense of the emotional well-being of my friends and loved ones who knew exactly what I was doing when I ran to the bathroom. 

It wasn?t until I discovered exactly why thinness is elevated the way it is in our society that things started to change. I stopped feeling helpless and started to feel angry. The realization that my misery, my suffering, and my failing health resulted from my role as a pawn in an expertly calculated but indisputably evil hypercapitalist scheme to breed self-hate in order to sell beauty and diet products hit me hard. I felt manipulated and I felt used, and I was determined to never be taken advantage of like that again. 

I?m doing a lot better. At this point, I?m ?chubby? and not ?fat? due to mountains of stress and being too broke to buy all of the groceries I like to buy, but I loved myself when I was. I learned to love myself at my highest weight and I would love myself if I reached an even higher weight than that. I no longer tie my personhood and self-worth to a number on a scale. I haven?t even weighed myself for months.

And that is largely because of this blog and the resources I found through reading it. I am in debt to you, Amanda, and I?m sure I?m not the only one that feels this way.

Please keep writing and doing you, it means more than you could ever know.

#fat community#fat positivity#fat#fat stigma#fat hatred#body positivity#body image#body hatred#fatbodypolitics#nice things
39 notes
 
