
So I just want to put something out there?you do not need to be perfect to feel like you can have fun. You do not need to be perfect to have a good time with your friends or try new things. You don?t need to be perfect before you start living your life.

After this weekend I?m just sick of it. I really am. I?ve been dealing with this forever and I have so many of my girlfriends telling me, ?I wish I could do that,? ?if I looked like her I?d do that too,? ?I don?t want to do that because everyone will think I?m too fat/ugly/jiggly? or whatever, and we put ourselves into this place where only the ?deserving? can do what makes them happy..?? What would make US happy too?? Why??

On Friday I jumped into my friends pool in my underwear, in front of complete strangers and it was awesome. I would never have done something like that a few years ago. I thought that sort of fun was only for skinny or thick women, not regular girls like me. I would deny myself fun because ?that?s not for people like me? and that?s so ridiculous! My cellulite was out, my butt was jiggly, sure people were laughing but because it was FUNNY!! It was FUN and unexpected. I HAD FUN. Me, with my Regular body?how dare I enjoy myself, right?? pools and water and swimming and short-shorts and anything else are for everyone. Everyone deserves to swim in the middle of a summer night and feel the water against their skin. I do, you do, everyone.

My friend told me she really wants to rock climb but is too shy that everyone will stair at her butt. NO ONE cares. And if they do?! Give them a show! Shake that ass and climb that rock, suck at it, be great at it, it doesn?t matter. We?re human for gods sake. We?re not meant to be eye candy robots, we?re here to enjoy this life. Don?t wait until you?re perfect to live, because most likely that day will never come. I might not have a perfectly toned body but I have a brain full of memories with my friends who don?t care what I look like. I?ll have stories to tell for the rest of my life about the fun I?ve had when I just let go of these things that weigh us down and that tell us that we don?t deserve to have fun?.

My biggest regret is knowing all of the memories i missed out on because of my insecurities. I won?t do it anymore.

#sorry about the rant I'm running on no sleep#rant#body image#body postivity#self esteem
37 notes
 
