
It?s like this, my body.
It?s 5:30 in the morning here and I?m about to get ready to go out and run, but first I just wanted to say that last night I had a slight epiphany.  I was outside on the balcony with husband drinking cocktails and scrolling through tumblr (because the wifi isn?t so slow after 9pm at the hotel!) and I saw a post about different bodies and different swimwear.  I showed him and asked who I looked like of the several women.  To my shock he pointed to someone I assumed looked completely ?normal?.  I mean to say if I had seen this person around the pool in a bikini/2-piece I would never have even given a second glance.  I?d probably think, ?Wow you look great, and what an awesome swimsuit!?  If someone who looked exactly like me walked past me I would never think anything negative or hurtful.  I?d probably think they looked good.  But why should any of this even matter?  I don?t care what others look like so why do I struggle with my own image?  Why the hell at 30 years old I still care what I look like is just stupid. The fact that I even had to ask him to make a comparison is just ridiculous.  He always cringes and always tries to avoid body/weight-related questions I have about myself.  Now I get it.

Two days ago I caught my bikini-reflection outside.  I said, ?You know what, I don?t look as big as I think I do.?  He started to clap and said, ?Congratulations? duh.  Congratulations on seeing what the rest of us see.?  Then I knew it.  I got it.  I saw it.  Since then I?ve been walking around the pool and the beach in my bikinis and not even caring.  When I saw some proofs come back from our photography and I saw my body I thought, ?Is that really me?  Am I that big??  The answer is yes!  This is what I look like.  I have got to quit trying to be someone that isn?t genuinely me.

I?ve weighed between 73-75kg these past 3 years (someone less, sometimes more) but so what?  These numbers don?t mean anything to my friends, my co-workers, and my family!  They don?t mean shit.  These 73-75kg allow me to work 14 hour days, allow me to run and lift longer and harder, and they allow me to get from A to B without struggle.  I?m slightly crying when I say this - I am happy to have my body.

#personal#positive body image#personal reflection#body reflection#body image#getcandacefit2015
3 notes
 
