
Oh you kids.

?Pretty people? are not the ?average.? If they were, they wouldn?t keep putting them in movies and in music videos and on runways.

I?m not saying everyone weighs 300 lbs. But in America, like almost half the population does. The average women?s clothing size is 14, which probably means most women in the country wear between a size 4 and a size 8. The women?WHITE women?you see in most media are a size 0. With fake boobs. They?ll cast a size 3, MAYBE, if they want to appeal to hipsters who hate fashion models.

THIS IS NOT INDICATIVE OF WHAT MOST PEOPLE ACTUALLY ARE. You?re not a mutant freak because you?re a size 9 and have bad skin. You?re a normal human. Corporate media is fucking with your head, so you?ll buy things.

There is constantly a new crop of 16 yr olds on this website, so this bears repeating every other Summer or so.

And guys, the guys you see in media are all 130 lbs because it?s easy to maintain that weight when your agent scores you an endless supply of coke and pizza bagels. Most of you aren?t going to maintain that weight unless you similarly are gearing up to OD at 28. And when a male star is popular, they cast women who are 4 inches shorter than him, so he always looks like he?s 6?5?. He usually isn?t. Some actors are, which is why they play Thor and Captain America and are wrestlers. But you don?t have to envy them. If 250,000 years of human evolution want you to be 5?6? and 200 lbs., it?s probably because you?re just as capable of punching idiots and sexing vaginas as anyone six inches taller.

And before you start: the reason porn stars all have 10 inch penises is because they go out and find the handful of guys who do, and give them jobs in porn. Most human males are in the 4 to 6 inch range. Again, if what you saw in media was ?average,? IT WOULDN?T BE IN MEDIA.

That?s always your first indication that someone is lying. Media is about selling ideals. If it?s in media, it?s an ideal, NOT REALITY. And the ideals are culturally arbitrary. Don?t internalize them. It will just fuck you up and make you buy stupid shit you don?t need.

#rant#no i'm not doing a read more#this is important#body image#body shaming#media
9 notes
 
