
Body Image speaks...
I can?t stand the fact that society is who creates the image of what is considered to be the ?perfect? body. It?s hard living up to society?s standards. I?m not saying it?s ever been easy, but it makes it so hard to find someone who will admire your body even if you?re not ?sexy? in society?s eyes. I will admit, I do find guys who are fit to be highly attractive, but I also wouldn?t mind a guy who is considered fat. Everyone?s body is different, and the more people have in their minds this standard of sexy that society engraves onto them, the harder it becomes to find someone who will give you a chance when you don?t have that ?sexy? body. I myself have become uncomfortable with my body due to the image of perfection that I feel I should live up to. I can?t look at myself in the mirror without being grossed out by my own image. Even when I was thin in high school and athletic, I still felt like I wasn?t skinny enough. I?m trying to lose more weight now in hopes that I will eventually accept my body. I can?t seem to enjoy life because I feel like everyone looks at me and only notices my body. Confidence is extremely sexy, but society makes it harder to have confidence in your self. Body image speaks; and it?s loud. You should never judge someone by their body. Some of the nicest people I?ve met are on the heavier side and I think they are some the most beautiful people in this world. I?ve met people that are all about the gym and they can be arrogant and cocky and really make you feel like worthless trash. Never give into that. If you?re reading this, who gives a damn if you?re fat. Who fucking cares if you?re a guy with stretch marks, and have some man boob action going on. If you?re a girl, who the fuck cares that you can?t shop in the petite area and you have belly rolls. Stop focusing so much on your body. It will consume you and make your life miserable. Love your fucking self and be an inspiration to those who feel like they?re not worth much due to society?s standards.

#rant#body image#inspiration#love yourself#personal
4 notes
 
