
This is a post about body image.
I am not a writer and as I write this I am questioning whether or not I even want to write it but I?m just going to push on before I fully change my mind.


I?ll never forget the page in my 9th grade health textbook that showed silhouettes of healthy human figures. There were two different figures for men: a non-athletic body type, 150 lbs and a muscular, athletic body type, 180 lbs. There was just one silhouette for the ideal female. 120 lbs.

Ten years on, I can see now that this was a ridiculous thing to put in a health book. Only of a minority of women weight 120 lbs as adults. But as a 14-year-old who had only recently gotten her adult body, which happened to weigh more like 160 lbs, I only thought two things: I weigh as much as a boy. I should be 120 lbs.

I was quite bummed out by this revelation. Up until seeing that textbook diagram, I had never really judged my own body. Now, it was all I thought about. I convinced myself to join my high school track and field team, which was an absolute farce because I am not an athlete. Never have been, never will be. I was a joke when it came to running up against all the fit, slim, and athletic people on the team. My coach suggested another event for me: shot put. Shot put requires a body type with more mass and muscular strength than running. I had the mass, but not the strength. I was miserable at that event too. All the time I was trying to throw my shot put more than a measly four or five meters, I was scowling at the thin runners bounding along the track. THOSE girls weighed 120 lbs, just like the health book said. I was jealous of them and disappointed with myself.

I remember one incident when one of those runner girls came up to me at shot put. ?Can I try?? she asked. In an instant I measured her up and decided to play a small trick on her. ?Sorry, you have to weigh at least 120 lbs to throw shot put.? ?Oh, darn,? she replied, and skipped away without a care in the world. Outwardly, I laughed at her gullibility. Inwardly, I chastised myself for not being smaller, like her.

My body image has never been all that bad. I?ve never over-exercised, restricted my calorie intake below a safe level, or weighed an unhealthy amount. Despite all this, I still judge myself constantly when I compare myself to celebrities or catalouge models.

In college I studied music and I began to meet many incredible female musicians who became my heroes and role models. Cellists, vocalists, pianists, all who had immense talent and incredible stage presence. They were (are) beautiful, and were everything I wanted to be. Some of these women, I noticed, were heavier than myself. They were different sizes, some larger than me. And yet, while I sat there judging myself for not weighing 120 lbs, I was admiring women who also weighed more than that and not for one moment did I even think about the size of their bodies. A little voice inside my head would tell me, ?See? Size truly does not matter.? I thought these women were gorgeous both inside and out, yet if I myself were that size I would be unhappy with my body. What a ridiculous double standard. But still? every time that little voice would tell me ?Size does not matter,? it would be drowned out the next time I struggled to fit into a pair of jeans or saw myself naked in the mirror.

Fast forward to today. That little voice continues to get louder. I credit it to just myself becoming more mature, the amount of positive body image posts that have been on the internet in recent years (thank you Tumblr and Buzzfeed in particular!), and also finding an exercise regiment that works for me (shout out to FitBit (pictured) for injecting instant gratification into a process that otherwise has no instant gratification).

Last night I wore a dress that I got as a hand-me-down from a friend. It was more form-fitting than anything I?ve ever worn, and I hesitated to wear it out. Was I comfortable showing my 142 lb figure to the world when I knew from health class that the ideal womanly figure is 120 lbs?

I put on the dress, and for some reason I finally saw myself as I saw all my female heroes. I saw myself as beautiful. 

?SIZE DOES NOT MATTER!? the voice now sang at the top of its lungs. ?You are young! You are beautiful! You do not weigh 120 lbs and it does not matter one little bit!?

All my insecurities about wearing the form-fitting gown were suddenly gone, because I realized that if I were to see another woman wearing it, I would think it beautiful. And on myself, I still thought it beautiful.

I felt great last night, more confident in my looks than I have ever been. I hope all women can experience this feeling. Go, wear something that?s slightly out of your comfort zone. You are beautiful. You are someone?s hero. Size does not matter.

#body image#effyourbeautystandards
3 notes
 
