
MASSIVE RANT.

i just don?t even know where to start talking about what?s wrong with these articles. who fuckin cares if they have cellulite? it?s natural. it?s ok for it to happen. how does the media want us to feel about ourselves if they portray women this way?

they just play the hypocrite and launch these ?love your body? campaigns, while on the other side they?re gnawing at famous women (whom are easier to attack for their excessive mediatic and public exposure) for a little roll on their bellies or some cellulite on their bum.

and worst part: people contribute to the hipocrisy. some people open these articles and gasp? ?oh my god!! look at her ass!! looks like a bag of ice!! that?s gross. at least try to cover it up!!!!?. fun part is they are probably 30kg+ heavier than these models/actresses (?and what if they are!!! we are all worthy and deserve respect!!!!!!? oh, THERE the media is quick to defend body image, aren?t they? same shit, different toilet).

?oh but I am a real woman!! they are actresses!!! i am allowed to look this way!!!? no. fuck you. they?re real women too, with real feelings, thoughts, desires and wishes, and you?re just critizicing the things they PROBABLY can?t control. although they do something to try and control it. they probably work out every day, and have a strict diet? just for the media (and themselves too).

BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU, AND THE VENOMOUS MEDIA, JUST CAN?T LEAVE THEIR SEATS, STARING AT THEIR PICTURES, WAITING FOR A LOVEHANDLE TO SHOW, A NIPPLE TO SLIP, A SKIRT TO GO A BIT ABOVE ?APPROPRIATE? LENGTH, OR CELLULITE TO SHOW.

they need to protect themselves from people?s poisonous comments and stares. so would you, wouldn?t you? they still feel. they gain fat. yes, they probably have paid personal trainers and a personal diet chef and whatnot, but it?s their job, for their body is their image, their portfolio (sadly), and they just need to be in mint condition. they try to avoid bad comments.

?but there will always be a magazine, waiting for a picture they can outline in bold colors and highlight a tiny little hole in their BEAUTIFUL legs, only to claim that they?ve lost control of their lives and are headed towards a downward spiral of fat. 

(i know most of you people are body-lovers. spreading body-love all over the world. thank you for that. we appreciate it. i?m in no way trying to offend you. but if the shoe fits?)

#rant#probably useless#body image#body positive#excuse my english i ain't a native english speaker
2 notes
 
