
Let?s Talk About Stretchmarks
 When I first met them, I rushed to a friend, convinced ghosts and demons were tearing at my skin overnight. Something haunted my young, twelve year old flesh and came for the white of my skin at the paranoia-inducing witching hour. I never thought of my red, puffy streaks as anything more than supernatural and perplexing. 
      I forgot they existed after a week.
      I was made to reacquaint myself with my body?s image when I was fifteen and a secret whispering hissed, ?Wait. Look again. Something?s wrong.?
      I spent a long time seeing flaws and fat and tissue and spots and hair?but still, the jagged streaks encircling my thighs were never caught or evaluated as a possible mistake needing my obsession.
      In the middle of the vicious cycle I forced upon myself in looking at who I wished I was and positive affirmations for the rolls I had been dealt, I came across a post.
      It detailed the reasons women shouldn?t be ashamed of their stretchmarks and had no need to fear the exposure of a bikini or crop top, short-shorts, or skin-revealing clothing item condemned by societal standards of not-too-much-but-not-too-little. 
      I looked down and twisted to my behind, wondering, ?Why would I hide my stretchmarks??
      It had never occurred to me that something was disgusting about the lightning strikes I didn?t accept but hadn?t noticed. They existed on my hips, on my chest, on my thighs, and crawled up the back of my legs reaching for something higher, maybe a purpose. An inkling asked questions and second guessed years of visible but invisible markings in the deep dark pit of ?What?s Wrong with Me?? that sat at the bottom of an uneasy feeling in my stomach. 
      I let it lie there in that moment and moved on to bigger, more prominent defects (my pores, my weight, my nail biting). 
      When I collided with sixteen, I was sick of the disgust boiling inside and the positivity I spewed but couldn?t latch onto. I took myself on and tore at the mistakes I thought plagued my outward appearance and my reasoning I couldn?t source. I ripped through issue after issue and shredded documented facts of, ?I?m Too Chubby,? and, ?My Arms Are Too Thick,? and left the torn ribbons in scrap heaps that I knew I would find again, piece back together and file, but for the time being it was satisfying to see them in a limp heap.
      I came to the folder of Stretchmarks. Examining the few chapters of paperwork, it was the most ridiculous. This one, I was able to burn. Its blaze sparked ideas and jokes, laughter, and poked fun at the ridiculous notion stretchmarks were anything more than tally marks accounting for how long I?d been growing, and really cool zigzag tattoos I grew myself.
      They were a part of becoming a whole person and entering the next stages of life that were lining up behind each other one domino after the other, and why would I ever want to stop looking at my own scrapbook notched into my skin? After all, they change colors. I?ve basically got ever-growing chameleon stripes. That?s pretty rad.

#stretchmarks#body positive#body image#body posi#bodyposi
5 notes
 
