
Common Dieting Mistakes That You Must Avoid - 3 Weeks Diet
The Best Ways To Lose Weight Faster

1- The 3 Week Diet

2- The Venus Diet

3- BodyShaping Diet System For Women and Men

4- The E-factor Diet


Common Dieting Mistakes That You Must Avoid

There are some common mistakes that quite a number of people make when they want to use a healthy weight loss diet to lose body fat and get their body well toned. If you want to successfully use fat loss diet to shed extra body fat you have to avoid these mistakes.

Some of the common dieting mistakes that you have to avoid to successfully lose fat include the following:

Mistake 1- Using a zero fat diet

One of the commonest mistakes that you can make is to totally remove all kinds of fat from your slimming diet; you have to realise that even though quite a number of fatty foods contain high calorie content, there are still some healthy fats which are actually beneficial to the body.

These kinds of nutritious fats are found in fish and olive oil; they help to lower cholesterol levels in the body thus helping to prevent blockage of the arteries by blood clots. There are also some saturated essential fatty acids which are needed by the body for the production of important hormones.

Therefore it is not really recommended that you remove all kinds of fat from your slimming diet; you still need to add healthy and essential fats to your diet to supply your body with needed nutrients.

Mistake 2-Drinking too much fruit juice

Another common error that a lot of people make is that they assume that one of the good ways of supplying their bodies with fluids and vitamins is by drinking lots of fruit juices.

However, you have to realise that fruit juice contains a lot of fructose which just like most other sugars is readily converted into body fat if taken in excess quantities. If you want to eat fruits, go for fresh fruits and vegetables.

Mistake 3-Total avoidance of carbohydrate foods

While it is true that the consumption of certain carbohydrates that contain a lot of simple sugar like pasta, white bread, rice, noodles, and pastry based foods tend to contain lots of calories which are easily converted into excess body fat, there are still lots of healthy carbohydrates which are low in calorie content like vegetables, pulses, nuts, fruits, and high fiber carbohydrates which can supply the body with needed energy and nutrition.

Mistake 4-Eating too much protein

Even though your body requires proteins to build and repair muscle tissue, if you consume too much protein, all the excess protein will end up getting converted into useless body fat. This is because your body can only utilize a maximum of 30 grams of protein at a time and any extra protein will be converted into body fat.

So, if you eat a big steak for lunch, you are only accumulating excess body fat. It is only people that are engaged in a lot intensive exercises that can burn up excess protein intake more easily.

If you can avoid the common weight loss pitfalls, you would increase your chances of successfully reaching your slimming goals.

 

 


The Best Ways To Lose Weight Faster

1- The 3 Week Diet

2- The Venus Diet

3- BodyShaping Diet System For Women and Men

4- The E-factor Diet

#Best Diet#Diet#Dieting#Diets#Fat#Fats#Lose Weight#Losing Weight#Weight Loss#3 Week Diet#3 W
 
