
So, I sang for this Christian concert yesterday with the summer program I?m in rn, and things were pretty nuts before the concert so I ended up wearing a suit coat that was a few sizes too small and a pair of dry-clean only pants that had been run through the wash (because I?m a failure). I knew I didn?t look that great but I figured I?d just get through the concert and no one would notice/say anything? I sang the concert (I did well, not my personal best but w/e) and went about my day. A few hours later I get a call from the director of the program, and he proceeds to tell me about a ?fan? of mine who thought I was really talented but I needed a new suit. She wrote a check in my name, purpose line stating: new suit, for $500 and gave it to the director of the program to pass on to me?
This is such a huge deal to me, for so many reasons. First, a patron buying a budding young professional a new business or performance outfit symbolizes an investment in their future. A nice suit makes a huge difference when interviewing for a job or an audition, provided you don?t screw up the interview some other way, they?re basically buying you employment. Second, this person believes in my singing ability so much from hearing me perform like idk twice? That she sees something worth investing in? Which, honestly it?s not the only time anyone has given me money to pursue my dream but the others have been things I applied and asked and worked for. This was totally unprompted, also that whole Christian parable about the woman who gave her only coins or whatever giving the most, like this woman isn?t part of some grant program or endowed school? 
The third thing that stands out in my mind, which she probably didn?t even consider, is fucking suits dude. I?ve bought eight new suits over the last four years because my body is settling into it?s adult form, and honestly it?s been expensive and frustrating and upsetting for me to spend money on clothes/look in the mirror and feel shame and disgust more than half the time because I?m exploding out of pants I bought a month earlier or because I?m that much more bald than I was. My self-image was middling even when I wasn?t changing this rapidly and in ways that I don?t particularly find attractive, the last few years it?s just been utter shit. It?s really hard to love yourself sometimes, and I?m starting to settle into my new appearance and accept it but like, you know, change is hard as balls. I went from twunk to bear over the course of a couple years and it was pretty abrupt tbh. Someone giving me money to buy clothes that make me look good with this body, someone telling me it?s okay to look good and to feel good about the way I look right now, without losing weight or getting hair plugs or whatever the fuck I might think I need to be beautiful? That means the world to me.

Also, when asked why she was doing this, she said ?Jesus told me to?? Thanks for the doughnuts, Jesus!

#long post#body image#respect#treatyoself#watermelon
 
