
Low Self-Esteem During Breakups
Self-esteem issues usually arise when you?re the dumpee, but can affect you in any breakup situation. There are endless circumstances that can lower your self-esteem in breakups, but I find that it?s usually either something they said or did during the breakup or in the duration of the relationship makes you feel like something is wrong with you, or you create reasons in your head for why they don?t want to be with you?and they?re all your fault.  Am I getting warm?

Let us start off with the fact that the more you think of them, the more you think of what went wrong, and ultimately what?s ?wrong with you.?  So, before you work on yourself, start here:



Electronic connections

It?s 2015, and technology brings us closer to one another at the touch of a button.  It might be easy to avoid your ex in person, but they tend to live on via your phone, computer, social networking, etc.  Make sure to address this right away.

First off, delete all of the pictures of them or of the two of you together from your phone, computer, Facebook, and anywhere else.  This prevents you from looking back at memories of good times, which can make you miss them more than you need to right now.  Don?t put yourself through more pain.

Speaking of Facebook?you don?t have to un-friend them, but at least un-follow them.  This way, you can keep that Facebook connection without feeling their presence on your news feed.  You don?t have to see what they?re doing with their life, which might help you think of them less, yet they?re still there in case you feel like chatting or catching up a few months from now when you?re in your right, healthy mind.  Plus, you don?t come off as bitter for deleting them, and they might still check up on what you?re doing, so make sure you?re staying fabulous.  

**If this causes you to manually check their profile since their updates no longer show up in your news feed, then un-following is not the solution.  This is a special, more extreme case and i totally get it.  During a breakup, I was allowing myself to check up on an ex (via various mediums, not just social media) whenever I possibly could, and it further fueled my obsession, sadness, bitterness, and jealousy.  Acquiring knowledge of what your ex is dong might seem like it gives you some sort of power or control, thus boosting your self-esteem; however, in reality, it?s delaying the process of healing the breakup pain, and healing yourself.  This was difficult to admit to myself, but I had to do it for the sake of my self-worth and ultimate happiness, and you should, too.  

This brings me to my next piece of advice?

Cut off all contact

This isn?t a possibility in all case (if you happen to be coworkers, for example), so it is by no means a requirement; however, booting them from your life is a perfectly viable option, and it can really help your self-image in the long run.  It might seem shitty and awful at first, but after a few weeks, you?ll start missing them less, I promise.  When we get used to people being a part of our lives, we feel like something is missing when they?re gone.  You can do one of two things?fill the void with something healthy and stable, or leave the void alone and let it slowly fill itself with time.

Just keep doing you?or do someone else

This is another great option (but it?s not for everyone).  Tons of people tend to seek a quick rebound to avoid the rush of unpleasant emotions that comes along with a typical breakup.  Rebound sex is not only physically pleasuring, but is a huge distraction to help get your ex out of your head.  It is important to remember, though, that this is only a bandage for a bigger, deeper issue.  Sleeping with someone the day after your relationship ends might stop the bleeding, but there will still be a wound underneath that needs to heal.  If you aren?t ready to deal with this wound just yet, or you simply want to have fun when you?re feeling down, hooking up with someone is a completely justifiable activity.  Doing so can also give you a little self-esteem kick because you?re hot and you can totally get some.  Go, you!

Change your appearance

Sometimes after breakups, you feel like you?re?not you. You can feel like this shell of a person whose life isn?t as stable as it once was.  You must first remember your single life before your relationship?all you had was you, and you survived just fine.  When something is frequently in our lives, we crave it more, but this doesn?t mean we have to depend on it.  Getting back into the independent, I?m-single-and-okay-with-it life, you have to fall out of love with your ex, and back in love with yourself.  This seems difficult if the breakup leaves you feeling unwanted and un-dateable, so don?t be afraid to pamper yourself a little. This, too, is not for everyone, and certainly isn?t necessary in order to have self-esteem or be beautiful; however, physical changes can put a little snap back in your turtle.

Tattoos/piercings
Get a tattoo!  Put some beautiful art on your equally beautiful canvas, and show it off!  Don?t do anything hasty; it is, after all, permanent.  This permanence, though, can be a great reminder of change and growth during hard times.  (Just don?t get your ex?s name!) 

Hair 
Go platinum blonde, get some killer ombre, or simply chop off those split ends! I won?t pretend to know why new hair makes you feel like a new you, but hey, who?s complaining?  It can be the stamp of your fresh start: life without your ex.  Just you, yourself, and your new highlights.  

 Makeup
Stop wearing makeup!  You heard me!  Millions of women across the world wear makeup, and many wear it on the regular.  If you?re like me and love the glorious art form of hot pink gloss and the perfect wing, you?re used to seeing yourself in the mirror rocking at least a few beauty products.  If seeing your barefaced self isn?t a common occurrence, it might look odd or different.  This is actually pretty awesome.  Not only is a makeup break the cheapest physical change you can try, it puts you in the perfect position to get used to your natural beauty.  Eventually, seeing and feeling your naked face will feel just as normal as your dolled-up face.  You?ll find beauty in places you didn?t expect and be a more comfortable and confident in your natural-born skin. 

Anecdote: Personally, I used to hate the way I looked without makeup, but that was because I was almost always wearing it, so I felt like something looked wrong if I didn?t have any on.  After a breakup, I got too depressed to take care of myself on the basis of beauty and hygiene.  It turned out to be a blessing in disguise, though. I went about three weeks without makeup (namely foundation) and my skin was glowing.  I realized I looked just as good without makeup, and I had never noticed because I?d never really gone more than a day without.  Living with low self-esteem, I find myself constantly looking in the mirror to find things I need to fix, so I over-analyze everything.  Since makeup was almost always on my face, I couldn?t really see or analyze  what was underneath.  During those three weeks, I realized that my freckles were kind of cute, and that my face looked less dry when there wasn?t makeup clinging onto my flaws.  I also had fewer breakouts since there was nothing clogging my pores.  I realized how well my bright blond hair actually went with my pale skin, not just with the tanner face I achieved with makeup.  At the end of it all, I discovered that I don?t really need makeup.  It isn?t what makes me pretty.  The makeup itself is pretty, and my natural self is pretty.  We just happen to work well together.

Wardrobe

All right, maybe throwing out all your clothes and replacing them with new ones is expensive, time consuming, and unrealistic.  What you can do, though, is get rid of anything that doesn?t make you feel absolutely gorgeous when you?re wearing it.  Furthermore, pick up a few additional items that you?ve always wanted to have hanging in your closet. Work that new miniskirt at the club when you?re trying to pick up your rebound.  Or when you?re at the grocery store, because being fabulous 24/7 is a top priority in the post-breakup universe.



Retail Therapy

Clothing isn?t the only thing you can splurge on when you?re down in the dumps.  Spending a little money on gifts for yourself is never a bad idea. Retail therapy has helped so many women I know.  I even thought of some items for your shopping list:

Your new favorite breakup album (cough, cough?anything by Ke$ha or Lily Allen)
An array of funny movies to help you laugh away the pain
Decorations for your bedroom to make it more comfortable and nice to come home to, even when you?re coming home alone
Heels/high-heeled boots?these can help you get back the power and control you feel you?ve lost in the midst of the breakup
Junky comfort food, let?s be honest


Friends

Don?t be afraid to call up your besties!  They usually give the best support when you tell them what you?re going through, and they?ll always love you, even when your ex no longer does.  Plus, they know how to get your mind off of things (by most likely getting you to party your face off).  Surrounding yourself by people who love you will remind you of all your good qualities and the many reasons for which you should love yourself.

And lastly? 

Pet the cat

Seriously. Masturbate.  Every day.  If it makes you uncomfortable, you don?t like it, you?re asexual, just have a low libido, etc., then this isn?t going to help.  If you have enjoyed masturbating in the past, though, try making it a regular habit.  It makes some people feel sexy, though it can also do the opposite if you don?t approach the act with a little self-romance.  Our bodies are also known to release post-climax endorphins, which give us a wave of happiness that boosts our mood.  And, um, HELLO?orgasms are amazing. Rub away.

Some closing thoughts?

Ultimately, you must remember that there is nothing ?wrong with you.?  Things don?t pan out.  People make mistakes.  Situations change.  Uncontrollable circumstances can, unfortunately, affect your self-esteem, though. Regaining your confidence and sense of self after a breakup can feel like you?re gripping the walls of a pitch-black dungeon trying to find a light switch, but eventually, you?ll stumble across a flashlight to guide you the hell out of there.  I believe in you, friend.

#advice#breakup#breakups#self esteem#low self esteem#self image#body image#relationships#relationship#help
1 note
 
