
Body Image
Stacy (Therapist) , went into labor around 12 this morning. She texted me saying we wouldn?t be able to meet up. Its funny, I knew she was going to go into labor today. I know she?s excited to meet her new edition.

I wasn?t upset to hear that we couldn?t meet today. Although I had a good hunch that today would be the day, it doesn?t bother me. I mean, I?m not freaking out, as appose to other times.  Overall  I?m doing ok. As I have been for the pass couple weeks, something she has noticed and is genuinely happy to hear. My days have consisted of ups and downs, like everyone else, But nothing I couldn?t handle. Lately our sessions have been lite. I have, for the most part, been sitting on clouds with her. Unlike before, where I was sitting on park benches in the pouring rain.

There was this one topic I wanted to discuss with her today. A topic where I felt I only grazed skin on. All though I talk about my constant efforts and struggle with the gym, I never got into depth about my body image.

I lay here shirtless as I type this, physically comfortable but mentally unsettled by the fact that I had quickly ran to grab a tape measurer and measure my breast.

Its 4:22 in the morning, why am I so concerned with my breast size?

Because I walked around in a sports bra all day, feeling the sweat trickle between them. I look down and see them squished together and the sight makes me uncomfortable. Since i gained weight, I feel as if my breast have gotten bigger and its making things harder to deal with in this process. My mind doesn?t match my body. My mental images are not visible. And constantly feel threatened and guilty by myself, because I haven?t put the time in that I need to loose the weight. Everything about me is chubby. I feel unattractive. I don?t want to dress up, I don?t want to be around people, I don?t want people to see me, and I don?t want to see myself. I don?t love myself like this and therefore no one can love me like this either.

This is all way to exhausting to express every inch of thought on this topic. Maybe that is why I haven?t brought it up to Stacy. I hope by the next time i see her, I wont have to.

#personal#body image#vent#gym#help
2 notes
 
