
People don?t realize the concentration and time it takes to pick out a good playlist for the morning. It sets the tone of the whole day, and there?s so many decisions: do I go for peppy to bring myself up? Something low-key so I can focus? Do I build a playlist of my own or just pick an album to get really invested in? It takes time and energy to make choices like that before 10 a.m.

(I went with The 1975 today. 100% recommend for your working and studying needs.)

I had the nice relaxing weekend I needed! I got through my Saturday afternoon event, and spent a lot of quality time with friends, and sat in the middle of a sunny yard with puppies crawling all over me. When you need to chill and detox, I would definitely suggest puppies. They are the best.

I?m ready to get back at it today. I?m tackling my lunch options today, since that tends to be where my day of eating goes off-track. i?m usually hungry and feel like I need energy and comfort-via-food to get through the afternoon, so I tend to eat whatever?s in the kitchen. I?m thinking about just buying a couple of bento-box lunch boxes and pre-packing some healthy lunches or bringing leftovers from dinner. Hopefully that?ll keep me in check with both food choices and portions.

I?m trying to get my mentality back on track, too. I had a really bad body image week and some other mental health stuff last week, so I?m focusing this week on gently moving myself away from that and back into the headspace of getting healthy for the sake of being healthy, and letting my weight loss go slow and steady, and paying attention to the NSVs as well as the number on the scale. I?m being nice to myself and my body this week, as much as I can.

Have a good Monday, y?all. If life gives you lemons, please don?t try to make one of those lemon-rind candles from Pinterest. You might burn your house down and then you have lemons but no house. You?ll be protected from scurvy but not the rain.

#personal#fitness#fitblr#health#weight loss#body image#clean eating
2 notes
 
