
How LoK Helped Me Learn to Accept my Body
My body isn?t the most feminine thing that you have ever seen, and ever since I can remember I have been really self-conscious of my broad shoulders, big hands, and thick arms. One time in the 7th grade I was working to get the Presidential fitness award through my middle school fitness program (because I have always been extremely competitive and I wasn?t going to settle with just a ?passing? grade). I did not really do anything extra beyond what was asked in PE (I wasn?t that competitive), but I somehow was still able to get into enough shape to pass all the physical tests with flying colors and get that Presidential award that year and the year after?heck yeah! 

But one day in the locker room (Fucking hated those places. Who thought it was a good idea to force people to change in front of other people?!) another girl was watching me change. She came up to me and made some comment about my abs and biceps. No, she was not being rude (except for the watching me change part?seriously wtf) but I still did not appreciate the comment.

You see, I?ve struggled with coming to terms with my sexuality and what I personally thought it meant to be female. I?ve never dated nor have I been asked out for that matter and I have had a growing suspicion that that was because I was too masculine for guys (a lot of my fellow African American women can relate to this). I began to think that no one would ever want to date me and gradually I accepted that notion as fact. I became ashamed of my body. And though I still played sports even through high school  (Soccer, Volleyball, and Taekwondo), I?d lost a lot of my competitiveness and no longer pushed myself to the limit. I guess I wanted to get rid of the excess muscle. I was able to lose the abs, but there was nothing I could do about the broad shoulders and biceps (my 50 lb book bag kept those going over the years).

Then Legend of Korra came into my life.

Enter a female protagonist with a strong personality and bulging muscles but still had no problem getting into relationships. 

Korra taught me that there is no such thing as ?too masculine.? Heck, LoK fans adored Korra for who she was. Many even fell in love with her??if you are not in love with Korra by the end of the show, you?re wrong,? to quote one of my friends. And that has made all the difference. Now I am in college and I am proud of my body, broad shoulders and all. I?ve even started training for the marathon. I ran the half-marathon this pass year and I am gearing up for the full one next year. I still haven?t been in a relationship but that does not bother me as much as it used to.

#lok#legend of korra#korra#masculine#feminine#body#body image#fitness#sexuality#poc#woc
14 notes
 
