
Do I look good?
Being a girl I am full of body image issues. I have too much hair on my face. My skin is too shiny. I don?t like how big my thighs are. My face is too round. My boobs are too small. I need better clothes. And the most constant thing on my mind is? why can?t I look like HER? This isn?t a story of how I found acceptance on how I look. But a story of why the way I am and how I?m trying to change. 

Ok. Truth be told. I?m not bad looking. I?m not trying to be vain. But at times I do see myself as pretty and I?ve gotten compliments from many people, not just from people I know and not even when I tried looking nice. But to myself, I?m average?if I?m lucky. Most days I look into the mirror and wonder how I can look better and what should I do to make myself look better. 

When I was a child, my parents didn?t care how I looked. As long as I was happy and healthy, I was fine! Also, we weren?t well off so most of my clothes were second-hand. I never cared about my appearance until I got into Grade 4, when my friends started talking about brand-named clothing and what style was in. Starting then I paid attention to what I wore and how I wore it. 

When high school hit, I was worried everyday about how I looked. If people would make fun of me. I tried to find my own style. But that never happened. I just followed the crowd. My skin was clear save for a few zits here and there. But that was all. I was fine without wearing make-up and even discovered shopping in consignment stores to score deals on high-end brands. But then I started dating people. 

The last guy I dated told me his last ex-girlfriend was too insecure for him to deal with (ironically, they?re back together now). So I tried to show that I was confident in myself and my appearance, but that obviously isn?t true. I will be on my explore feed on Instagram and I?ll see him and my other guy friends liking pictures of girls with perfect, clear skin and hourglass body and can rock lingerie. They?ll have a full face of ?natural? make-up and their hair will be long and is just in the right place. When he broke up with me I got even more worried about how I?m suppose to look. 

 Now, in university. It?s when I worried even more about my appearance when I?m surrounded by people who doesn?t care as much. People come to class in sweats and no make-up. But now, I have to make sure I look even better. I wake up an hour earlier then before to straighten or curl my hair, to apply a full face of make-up, and make sure my entire outfit was ?on point?. I hated gym class in my younger years however, now I go to the gym weekly and run in my spare time or do Pilates. I need to stay skinny and in shape. I was able to avoid the Freshman 15 and my weight is still in the double-digit (I?m at a healthy weight as I?m petite and according to my doctor?). My skin is terrible and thanks to my genes I have hair all over my body that society will cringe at. I spend hundreds on my nails, hair and body and hundreds more on make up and other products. 

Lately, there is so much media attention on how girls should look and at the same time on how we should be accepting of our own body. They say that it?s due to the media and advertisements that leads to a girls insecurity and that is true. But also it can because of our peers and how they think you should look. I?m no longer confident on leaving the house without concealer or mascara. I want to stop wearing make up but I?m afraid to. Many people will say that ?don?t worry, we won?t judge? but truth be told there are always some the will, and they?re the ones that are holding me back. The saddest thing is that I can be one of those people at times. 

But what is there to do to be accepting of yourself? I truly think that that?s impossible. 

#self esteem#life#girl#makeup#money#girlproblems#ramblings of my life#life story#insecurity#story#body image#my story#trying to like myself#on point#ramblings#thoughts#guys#problems#life problems#story essay#essay#just a thought#please don't judge#my opinion
12 notes
 
