
An open letter to the ladies on Fox News? Outnumbered:
WATCH FIRST: http://mediamatters.org/video/2015/07/13/fox-hosts-lament-that-overweight-children-are-c/204383

An open letter to the ladies on Fox News? Outnumbered wondering ?what do you do with confident fat kids?:

     My first reaction was to weep, for you use your God-given position to tear down His creation.  My second was a resounding F*** YOU.

     However, I am an intelligent, independent, and 4.0 Master?s degree holding woman whose prose is quite excellent when impassioned, though I fear all will be lost on cold and unwilling hearts and minds.



          I was five years old the first time I was told I was too fat to love.  

 

          I was twelve when a classmate told me he would rather me kill myself than have to sit next to a hippo like me. And was I sure I wasn?t pregnant?

 

          I was fourteen when a boy asked me how many chairs did I need to sit on: two or three? And how many infants had I eaten over my life, because surely someone my size regularly consumed people.

 

          I was sixteen when a boy working at a store in the local mall gawked and laughed, calling to his friends, ?Look at that cow!?

 

          I was nineteen when a six-year old girl asked me if the reason why I was not in a relationship was because I was bigger.

 

          I was twenty-two-year-old college graduate, living at home because the economy took a downfall and I could only find part-time work, when I turned to food to feel better and try to dampen the twenty-year-old voice inside telling me I was worthless; food never tells you you?re not good enough or comment on your appearance.

     When I told the teachers, authority figures, and others concerning those incidents when I was a teenager and younger, what was done? Absolutely nothing.  Those hateful words, all from children and teenagers- who are meant to be nothing but innocent, fresh-eyed, and joyful- were perpetuated by an adult norm of cruel commentary on another?s outward appearance, as if they held some supreme authority or would somehow motivate out of such spite.  Who are you to tell others when and how to feel good about themselves?  What amount of this ?research? you reference gives anyone the right to torture another human with your assertions.  I implore you to educate yourself on just how many ?credible researchers? are influencing your heated spouts.  Further, positivity is inherently never ?not so good news?.

     My heritage runs through my veins, which I used to despise, as I knew the influence it held over my frame and ?normal? weight.  My ancestors hailed from a time and region where round bodies were exalted, for they were outward signs of all the riches the world had to offer.  They were celebrated art, flashy signs that the most coveted resources were possessed, and assigned no number on a scale or dangerous definition.  I have been entrusted with this amazing physical vessel, a reminder of so many who came before me and promise of those to come.  How dare you, or I, look upon my body with less admiration than it deserves.

          I was six when my very shy four-year-old sister told my mom she wanted to beat up some kids at school for making fun of me.

 

          I was eight when a friend told me my fluffy body was comforting to hug.

 

          I was thirteen when a friend, who knew how much I hated eating in public for fear of being judged, sat eating pizza in the closet with me during a band party.

 

          I was seventeen and twenty when multiple doctors told me I was so very healthy for my weight, albeit highly surprised.

 

          I am a fat twenty-four year old woman, finally in love with herself, moving mountains and hearts with her confidence and passion, no longer allowing anyone else define my self confidence, living in a world where my size 18 frame is both healthy and accepted, and making certain to spread body positivity for all shapes and sizes.

     I have and always will exceed the ?average? weight, only one of the many things at which I excel.  My favorite food is grilled chicken.  My favorite dessert is a slice of watermelon.  My favorite activity is laughing.  My parents, sister, family, and friends call me gorgeous.  I know I am beautifully and wonderfully made.

     And to you, sir on the panel, thank you for being a voice of reason among those woefully misinformed.  We should absolutely empower individuals to improve upon themselves by maintaining a healthy lifestyle full of colorful vegetables, vigorous walks, and confidence.  

     And to the world, for all your sharp angles and hard hearts, I have pillow-y curves and a rotund heart.  I am unashamed.

     And to you, Outnumbered ladies, who so easily tear down countless vulnerable young men and women as if you were calling out the weather, I can only say this: You can?t do anything about this confident fat kid.

 

 

With love, as always,

              Me.

#Fox News#Body Shaming#Nutrition#Teenagers#self confidence#body image#Strength#love#beauty#confidence#relevant#read#important#self image#body positivity#body positive#positivity#positive#light
22 notes
 
