
"Just go eat something."
?Just go eat something.?
Words that many females and males have been told, herd someone say to or about someone or have said themselves. This is not an acceptable thing to be said in any circumstance.

I have met girls and guys who have always been skinny no matter how much they ate, those who exercised and dieted healthily to stay thin and those who did suffer from eating disorders and at no stage did someone telling them to go eat something do anything positive. If you are concerned about someones health please take the time sit down and talk to them, find out the circumstances and if you do not feel as though you are close enough to someone to bring such a topic up then maybe talk to someone that they are close too.

If someone does have an eating disorder telling them to just eat something is actually pretty heartbreak for the person who is suffering because they either don?t see what you see or they know they are too skinny and you pointing that out to them can really upset the person and it doesn?t make them feel any better about themselves. If someone doesn?t have an eating disorder and have lost weight or kept weight off in a healthy manner, telling them to eat something is also heartbreaking because they?ve probably worked really hard to keep themselves thin in a healthy manner and you telling them to eat is just hurtful, it shows your lack of compassion to even talk to them about it first and it shows that even if they did have an eating disorder you couldn?t take the time out of your day to sit down and have a proper conversation with the person.

There are many, many contributing factors that can be connected to a persons weight and body image, if you care about the person then take the time to find out what those are and if you don?t have the time to do that, then you probably don?t really care about that persons health and your 5 second statement to them is really not needed.

I know talking to people about their weight or body image is a very difficult thing and many of those who do are weight issues do not want to talk about it, but you telling someone to just go eat is going to make things worse rather than better and people need to stop saying it to females and males, young and old.

#health#eat#eating disroders#eating disoder recovery#helping others#be kind#eating#exercise#weight loss#weight#body#body image#body positive#mental health#mental illness#talking about issues#female#male#annorexia#annorexic#bullying#speech
3 notes
 
