
dermatillomania/skin picking/ trich tips
I?ve had a couple of inboxes asking me what I did to combat my skin picking, so I?ll post it here in case it helps anyone else

I?ve been working on this for about 4 years now. I still pick, but not to the same extent that I used to. 

Things that I used to break the habit:

A piece of graph paper stuck by my mirror - fill a square in every day you don?t pick (there?s 25 years? worth of squares on there), try and fill a whole block first, then a row, then another and another etc. If you pick, start a new row.

Avoid mirrors unless absolutely necessary. Mirrors make me pick. If I don?t see them, I?m less likely to pick.

Don?t wash my hands when they feel grimy - I refuse to pick my face if my hands feel even the tiniest bit dirty. Holding off washing my hands helped me avoid some potential big picking sessions.

Yell STOP when I find myself in front of the mirror picking. Out loud, STOP!

Paint my nails - first, it gives you something to do with your hands, second it means you have to wait for them to dry before picking, giving you ample time to reason yourself out of it/find something else to do.

Schedule - figure out when you?re most likely to pick; my picking sessions are usually in the evening, straight after I have washed my face.

Play a game - once I figured out that I am most likely to pick in the evening, I made a rule that as soon as I?ve washed/toned/moisturised my face, I would not look at the mirror and would, instead, go straight and play a game. Solitaire, Skyrim, practise handwriting. 

ANYTHING that uses your hands and distracts the mind.

Damage control - the more scabs I had on my face, the more I would pick, so getting the scabs to disappear was a massive help. Hydrocolloid plasters have been my saviour; put one over a cut/spot over night and it removes all the stuff you want gone but without the whole fingernails/scratching thing. When you wake up, it?s just a flat red mark, with nothing in it to exoriacate. 

I hope these help some of you on the road to recovery. Push through and break the habit and that?s the hardest part over with. 


#dermatillomania#skinpicking#trich#trichotillomania#mental health#ocd#skin picking#mind#body#health#body image#bdd#body dysmorphic disorder#body dysmorphia
161 notes
 
