
Looks and what it all means to me
*disclaimer: like most of my original text posts, this is composed slightly drunk. That is just the way it?s gonna be right now. I hope the message will still stay true. Forgive little incoherence* 

I remember when I first fell in love with my cheekbones. I always felt like that was the ultimate proof of beauty. The fact that mine, as of lately, were visible and I could feel them made me feel better about myself than my butt or breasts ever could. 

My cheekbones are also the thing I get obsessed about when I tell myself that they are again merging with my skin and face-fat. When I think about it soberly, I doubt whether or not other people notice or if my cheekbones are even different from others. Still, they are one thing that made me look at myself in a good way and made me feel good about it. 

I obsess about the way that others look at me more than the way that I look at myself. I try very, very hard to get an objective view when I look at myself, checking several different mirrors, constantly. I ma not vain, I just want to understand and gain a neutral perspective. The problem is that I stare at the same old face every time. When I notice changes, oftenly I doubt whether or not they are real or I just want them to be there. Same story with my cheekbones. As superficial as that sounds, I don?t want to loose them. 

For a long time I hated the face that I had. I convinced myself that I had a different face and body and effect on people with it. I always hated the way my profile looks, my nose to big and weirdly shaped. Part of me getting acquainted with myself is not hating that image. I was also very confused that what I saw in the mirror was so different from what I saw in photographs. I am really that plain looking and uninteresting? Or have I just got bored and used to the one person I always see. And when I feel good about myself and feel like I look hot or beautiful, is it just because I have been staring at myself too long?

Most of myself needs to rely on the feedback from others. The problem with that is that mostly all you get is compliments or insults, both intended not to objectively describe my appearance but to either charm or hurt me. Are those views even counting? Is even a friend saying that you look good today valid? Or is it just him or her saying that for what is given, you kinda made a good version of it? Or does it mean that he or she recognises that I tried to look good, put an effort in it, and wants me to feel good? How often have I told people they look good and didn?t actually mean it? On the other hand, how often have I not told people they way they look, just because they might find it offensive or it might bring them down? Or on the other hand the people that I really put in the attractive category, do they know that? Do they look in the mirror any other way? Do they recognise their attractiveness other than the rest of us and are they happy with it?

That?s one question I keep asking myself. Do people like Natalie Dormer or Cara Delevigne look in the mirror another way and do their cheekbones also make them feel good? They, as supposed to us, in addition like in a world where their changing of themselves had an automatic response. Do they cut their hair, many people will have an opinion on it. Also generally, many people will write their opinion on their looks as a comment somewhere. Some of them might as well be objective. Still, there will always be people who find them too thin, too thick, too much this, not enough that. So will they be able to filter through those insults and mindless objectifications and sexual harassment and find that they are in fact insanely attractive? Do the responses that they get from men scare them? Or will they make them feel better?

These are just some thoughts that I have about it all. There is no real moral, no point. The thing is though, that whatever I do, I will never be quite cool with what I am given. I know that there is worse. I also know that there is better. I will also never be quite at ease with that. I also believe though that I would not be able to live with the consequences of being of the insanely attractive. I honestly believe that that is not an easy life to lead, never being quite sure of why people like you and are friends with you. How much do looks matter? I find myself drawn to attractive people all the time, no matter of their personality. Personality can ruin a lot of things in the long run but at first look they can be a game-changer. 

I would like for you to send me some thoughts on this or anything else. 

Killerpanda out.

#beauty#image#body image#mirror#self-esteem#self worth#looks#appearance#attractive#hot#ideal#beauty standards#society
1 note
 
