
Bodies
Be thin. 
We know none of our models are technically a healthy weight, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Be tall.
We know you can?t control your height, and being short is the dominant gene, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Speaking of height, be shorter than all of the boys.
We know that contradicts what we just said, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Have big boobs.
We know you can?t control this either, and it?s near impossible if you?re as skinny as we expect you to be, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Have a thigh gap.
We know these are caused by bone structure, and you can?t change that, but we?ll tell you it has to do with being skinny, and we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Have perfect skin.
We know this is basically unattainable as a teenager, and you?ll be accused of being ?fake? if you wear too much makeup to cover up, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Don?t get body modifying surgeries.
We know that tons of famous people that people look to as role models have gotten body enhancing or reducing surgeries, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Have a size 0 waist.
We know this is nearly impossible without starving yourself, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Never use photoshop in your pictures because that makes you fake.
We know every magazine cover and model shot uses it, but we want you to have unrealistic expectations of your body.
Wear clothes that will make your body look good.
We know you may be accused of being a slut for this, and you might be disrespected by men for it, but we want you to be wanted for your body.
Wear makeup that will make you look like a flawless doll.
We know it?s extremely expensive, easy to mess up, and you?ll have to wake up an hour early to do it in the morning, but we want you to be wanted for your body.
Let men break down your physical boundaries.
We know you?ll be uncomfortable, and you?ll be called a whore, but we want people to see that you?re wanted for your body.
Don?t bother to show people your personality.
We know that this may cause major depression in you, but we only want people to love you for your body.

Respect your body.
We know this goes against everything we just said and we don?t really mean it, but if we don?t say it we might have to stop giving girls unrealistic expectations of their body.
Love yourself the way you are.
We don?t mean that either, but if we don?t say it, our clothing line might not sell.
Be healthy.
We really don?t care about your well being, but if we don?t say that, our makeup brand might go out of business.
You?re perfectly imperfect.
This is the biggest lie we?ve told, but if we don?t say it, people will recognize our disrespect, and we won?t be able to subliminally tell girls to have unrealistic expectations of their bodies.

We are society.
We want you to all look like the same plastic barbie doll.
But we?ll pretend we respect you as a person.
We?ll send you all of those messages in a way that you won?t recognize, so you can?t get us in trouble.
Good luck meeting our standards, girls.
Have fun hating your bodies.

#poetry#poem#poetry on tumblr#society expectations#body image
3 notes
 
