
I shouldn't be 16 and googling fast ways to lose weight
#body image#body postivity
2 notes
 
anonymous submitted to umassdthiswebelieve2015Follow
                I believe in ending body shaming.

                This is such a huge problem in society today and I am completely disgusted by it. People are either too heavy or too skinny. Skinny shaming and fat shaming both hurt the same way. I don?t think size matters at all. Weight does not define who you are as a person. I think everyone should just aim to be healthy and learn to love their bodies. And I?m not just talking about girls here. Boys can be insecure about their bodies too. Boys can have eating disorders too. Always keep that in mind.

                I have always been naturally skinny my whole life. My metabolism is just really fast but I do know that in the future it will start to slow down. Growing up I always got comments about how skinny I was or people asking my weight. Other times I would just be out in public and I would hear people talk about how I looked anorexic. That hurt to hear. I started to get so insecure about my weight. Even my own family would make comments. For as long as I could remember my aunt Vicki always commented on my weight along with my sisters because we were ?too skinny?. But on the other hand my younger brother was ?too heavy?. This always made me so mad but mostly because we are family. I think my aunt said these things to us to make herself feel better about her body. That?s what I don?t understand though. Was she just jealous of me and my sisters? It hurt like hell to hear the words she said to my sisters and I.   

 Nobody should ever have to feel awful about their appearance at such a young age or ever in their life. I tried to eat as much as I could just to gain weight but it was so hard for me. I can?t believe that I hated my body so much that I was trying to fix something that I had no control over. The only way I could really gain some weight was gaining muscle by playing sports. I put so much effort into sports to gain muscle. I finally was starting to feel better about myself and I also learned to not care what other people think about me. Now I don?t let my weight get the best of me.

I love the body that I have and you should learn to love yours too. If you think about how much your body fights every day to keep you alive, that?s really all that matters. In an interview Ariana Grande said, ?Stop trying to make people feel badly about their bodies. It?s okay to be different?to be curvy or to be thin.? I don?t get why being skinny is so important to people that they develop eating disorders. This shouldn?t have to happen to people. If our society wasn?t so caught up with the idea of being perfect life would be so much better. There is no such thing as a perfect body. Body shaming needs to be put to an end. Be proud of who you are and what you look like.

#acceptance#body image#submission
1 note
 
