
The culture that is developing in this society is fucking stupid. We?re creating a culture that is meant to make everyone feel good and have no one?s feelings hurt. We?re coddling the weak and punishing the strong for not coddling them as well. You don?t deserve to have your feelings taken care of because that?s your own fucking job. You take care of yourself. You are your own responsibility and it?s no one else?s job, especially not society?s, to make you feel good or better about yourself. You have low self esteem? Why is that anyone else?s job to fix that? You should find confidence on your own. No one can give it to you. You?ve been made fun of your whole life? That sucks. But that?s still no one else?s problem. It?s called survival, and the world is a shitty place. It?s never going to be this magical utopia that all these tumblr activists and army of ?we had a hard life because society hates us? want it to be. If you have emotional problems, then you need to learn to fix them. How do you expect to be stronger if you don?t push through the shit that hurt you. Cowering away in the corner yelling ?we feel bad!? won?t change shit. Change yourself. Love yourself. You can?t force anyone to like you or love you. This whole acceptance movement is great, but it?s turning into this thing that everyone is overly offended because they aren?t included, or they?re too excluded, or too different or too the same or too whatever. NO ONE GIVES A SHIT. Give a shit about yourself, and the people you love and who love you too, and that?s all you fucking need. This whole thing about changing society?s perspective is to make weak people who can?t accept themselves feel better. That?s their own goddamn fault.  If you can?t love yourself because society said you?re ugly or stupid or fat, then you?re weak. Fuck society. Fuck what anyone says about you. Why the fuck does that matter to you. Do something about it if it makes you feel bad. Make the change in your own goddamn life and work hard for what will make you feel good.

This culture is making people lazy. People want to be spoon fed everything. They don?t want to work for things. If something makes them feel bad they want to cry until they get what they want. That?s essentially what the entire generation is turning out to be - cry babies. Fucking grow up and work for something, like your self image, your intelligence, your confidence. This whole war to make people ?feel better about selves? is a waste of time and gives people the idea they are entitled to feel good without working for it. Society shouldn?t have  to make them feel good, they should learn to make themselves feel good and earn it. That?s when people will gain some fucking responsibility for themselves.

#body image#generation#rant#society#unpopular opinion#beauty#weak
4 notes
 
