
THINGS WE SHOULD TELL OUR DAUGHTERS
Firstly: you are beautiful, inside and out.
Above all, you are wonderful in your entirety.
Every curve and line you were born with, every
hair and nail you have grown is yours.
You are natural. 
Nothing about your body is anything less than 
unique, 
and perhaps this might make you feel strange. 
Different.
But everyone is unique, and strange, and different.
How lovely is that?

You don?t need to worry about
changing these things; every mark on your
body is the result of a life lived. 
Everyone has them, and how brilliant that
we all live different lives, and have different marks.

And know that the people who seem perfect, are not.
Perfection is relative.
Know that the people who tell you that anything about your body
is not your own, is not wonderful and is not natural are in the minority.
The world does not find you strange because you do not look
like edited images on thin paper, or shallow screens. 
The world does not expect you to look like this, and those who do are simply wrong.

You are normal and wonderful just as you are,
and if you ever feel the need to change, do only for the better
and most importantly: for yourself. 

Remember that you are not expected to live on the terms of someone elses fantasies. Be their reality; they will love you better for it.

Strive for knowledge, and health and sensitivity.
Be aware, question always and accept the love
that you deserve. Accept the love you think you deserve
only if you understand you deserve the greatest; if not,
accept the love I think you deserve. 
Wrap it around you, use it, enjoy it and love freely.
It may not last forever, but understand that loss is inevitable.
Sadness is inevitable, happiness is hard.

Fight for it with your life, but do not be ashamed if you fall short sometimes.

Understand that you are privileged; do not be offended
when people tell you this. Be grateful; use your privilege
to empower others. 
Question, always. You were not born into a perfect world.

Demand the best for the people who deserve it,
including yourself.
Work for it, earn it, fight. 
Question, always. 
You will not make the world perfect, but you may make
it better for the day you have to tell your daughter these things.

The world is wonderful: find the good. 

- C. Iskjaer

Source:intothefold
#writing#body image#daughters#creative writing#poem#poetry#society
13 notes
 
